\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename codechallenge-solutions.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle yewscion's Code Challenge Solutions Manual
@include version.texi
@c %**end of header

@c@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2022 Christopher Rodriguez

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* Code Challenge Solutions: (codechallenge-solutions).   
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title yewscion's Code Challenge Solutions Manual
@author Christopher Rodriguez

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Edition @value{VERSION} @*

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top codechallenge solutions

This document describes codechallenge-solutions version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                Why Guile Cdr255?

* Concept Index::               Concepts Used, and Where.
* Programming Index::           Functions, Variables, Etc.

* Procedure Types::             Data, Calculations, and Actions.
* GNU FDL::                     The License for this Manual.

@detailmenu
 --- The Detailed Node Listing ---

Introduction

* User Programs::               Executables from the challenges.


@end detailmenu
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction, User Programs, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

The purpose of this repository of code was to collect all of the code
challenges I attempt or complete in one place, as well as tracking
improvements I make to the resulting code and providing said code as
executables and/or libraries that will be of dubious use to myself and
others.

I began this repository when my software development mentor suggested I
set up a github repo to collect code challenges that I could put on my
CV, eventually. And, as I usually do, I took it way too far.

I've published this publicly in the hopes that it might be of use to
someone at some point, though I also just wanted a convenient place to
pull it from into my own GNU Guix Home configuration... And seeing my
progress over time will help me to smile more often.

The next section will briefly list all of the user-facing programs
included in this package, and what they are meant to do.

@c *********************************************************************
@node User Programs, Concept Index, Introduction, Introduction
@section User Programs

These are executables (usually either GNU Guile scripts or Java Jars)
that I've included in order to run the programs I've created to solve
these challenges. 

@enumerate

@item
@command{sonar-sweep} - Reads (or creates and then reads) the
@file{sonar-sweep.csv} file in the current directory, interpreting it
according to either part 1 or 2 of the first challenge in AoC2021. It
will accept @emph{any} properly formatted data in the
@file{sonar-sweep.csv} file, so one could theoretically make use of this
somehow.

@item
@command{minimumJumps-java} - Really a symlink to
@file{/usr/local/share/java/minimumJumps.jar}, this program accepts an
arbitrary list of integers from the user, delimited by spaces. It then
returns the shortest sequence of jumps to (at least) reach the end of
the list, with each index in the list able to jump ahead a number of
spaces equal to its value. This was the challenge that I first created
this repo while solving.

@end enumerate

@c *********************************************************************
@node Concept Index, Programming Index, Introduction, Top
@chapter Concept Index
@printindex cp

@c *********************************************************************
@node Programming Index, Procedure Types, Concept Index, Top
@chapter Programming Index
@syncodeindex tp fn
@syncodeindex vr fn
@printindex fn

@c *********************************************************************
@node Procedure Types, GNU FDL, Programming Index, Top
@cindex Procedure Types
@include procedure-types.texi

@c *********************************************************************
@node GNU FDL, , Procedure Types, Top
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@cindex license, GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@bye
